https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-21282 (#7979)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/release_notes/mce_known_issues.adoc

You cannot use the {acm-short} console to upgrade {ocp-short} managed clusters that are in the {ocp-short} Dedicated environment.

[#non-ocp-logs]
=== Non-{ocp-short} managed clusters require _ManagedServiceAccount_ or _LoadBalancer_ for pod logs 
//2.11:11034

> The `ManagedServiceAccount` and cluster proxy add-ons must be enabled to collect pod logs from your managed clusters.

Reviewer: If we're already using second-person voice for "your managed clusters" I would say it's safe to say that it's the user enabling the managed servcice account and cluster proxy add ons 

```suggestion
You must enable the `ManagedServiceAccount` and the cluster proxy add-ons to collect pod logs from your managed clusters.
```

The `ManagedServiceAccount` and cluster proxy add-ons are enabled by default in {acm-short} version 2.10 and newer. If the add-ons are disabled after upgrading, you must enable the `ManagedServiceAccount` and cluster proxy add-ons manually to use the pod log feature.

> See link:../../clusters/install_upgrade/adv_config_install.adoc#serviceaccount-addon-intro[ManagedServiceAccount add-on] to learn how to enable `ManagedServiceAccount` add-on, and see link:../../clusters/cluster_lifecycle/cluster_proxy_addon.adoc#cluster-proxy-addon[Using cluster proxy add-ons] to learn how to enable a cluster proxy add-on.

Reviewer: Optional: 
```suggestion

- To learn how to enable `ManagedServiceAccount` add-on, see  link:../../clusters/install_upgrade/adv_config_install.adoc#serviceaccount-addon-intro[ManagedServiceAccount add-on]. 
- To learn how to enable a cluster proxy add-on, see link:../../clusters/cluster_lifecycle/cluster_proxy_addon.adoc#cluster-proxy-addon[Using cluster proxy add-ons].
```
